+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = 2016-04-20T00:00:00

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 5

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Authoritarian Politics",
    "Election Manipulation",
    "Peacekeeping"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in Political Science"
  institution = "University of Missouri"
  year = 2020

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MA in Intelligence and International Security"
  institution = "King's College London"
  year = 2013

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc in Politics"
  institution = "Bristol University"
  year = 2010
 
+++

# Biography

I am a PhD Candidate in Political Science at the University of Missouri, and for academic year 2019-20 a US-Asia Grand Strategy Predoctoral Fellow at the University of Southern California and a Korea Foundation Fellow. I study how non-democratic leaders stay in power, particularly authoritarian consolidation, using qualitative and quantitative methods including spatial econometrics.

My dissertation examines the causes of elite purges in dictatorships. I argue that a dictator's threat environment structures their incentives and opportunities to engage in elite purges. However, dictators respond to threats differently at the national and individual-levels. The implications generated by the theory necessitate a diverse set of data and empirical tests. I use a range of national and individual-level quantitative and qualitative original data, including individual-level quantitative data on elite purges in Kim Jong Un's North Korea.

My work has been published or is forthcoming in journals including *Comparative Political Studies*, *Party Politics*, *Democratization*, and *Research & Politics*. 
